# PhD project meeting notes 2021-06-16

Attendees: Tom B, Gib

## Agenda

* [ewas-gwas comp](#item1) 
* [properties ewas](#item2)
* [AOB](#aob)

## EWAS GWAS comp <a name="item1"></a>

any updates on paper? - notes on paper

__NOTES:__

Some meeting notes

## properties of ewas code review <a name="item2"></a>

Could someone in team review the code?? 

__NOTES:__

Some meeting notes

## Power analyses

HOW TO DO?!?

## AOB <a name="aob"></a>

* AOB item1